mr. president John Kerry a man you know
very well has started a tool that will
take him next week by the weekend to
Saudi Arabia Qatar and Turkey where he
will be talking to them about ways in
quotation to ease you out in London and
Berlin this week earlier this week he
said that President Assad must go and he
also said that one of his first move is
to draft diplomatic proposals to
persuade you to give up power would you
invite him to Damascus for talks what
would you say to him what is your
message to him now given what he said
this week and what he plans to say to
his allies when he visits them over the
weekend and if possible from your
knowledge of him how do you describe how
would you describe Kerry from your
knowledge of him in the boss I'd rather
describe policies rather than describing
people so still early to judge him oh
it's only a few weeks since he became
Minister first of all the point that
you've mentioned related to internal
Syrian matter Syrian issues any Syrian
subject wouldn't be raised with any
foreigners we only we only discuss it
with Syrian within Syria so not come
we're not going to discuss with anyone
who's coming from abroad internal
matters we have friends we discuss our
issues were friends we listen to their
advice but at the end it's our decision
as Syrian who make what's good for our
country but if anyone wants to genuinely
interpretation I stress the word
genuinely
in Syria and help the cessation of find
violence in our country he can do only
one thing he can go to Turkey and sit
without Rogan and tell him stop
smuggling terrorists into Syria stop
sending armaments stopped providing
logistical support to those terrorists
he can go to a hotel in Saudi Arabia
tell them stop financing the terrorists
in Syria they said the only thing that
anyone can do dealing with the external
part of our problem but no one from
outside Syria can deal with the internal
part of this problem so what is your
message to carry very clear to
understand what I said now if I mean if
you want me to not message to carry to
anyone who was talking about the Syrian
issue only Syrian people can tell the
president stay or leave come or go no
one else just I'm just saying this
clearly in order not to waste the time
of others to know where to focus what
rule if any do you see for Britain in
any peace process for Sevilla have there
been any informal contacts with the
British and what is your reaction to
Cameron Prime Minister Cameron's support
for the opposition what would you say if
you were sitting with him now especially
that Britain is calling for arming the
rebels there is no contact between Syria
and Britain for long time before to talk
about the role you cannot separate the
role from the credibility and we cannot
separate the credibility from the
history of that country and to be frank
now I'm talking to British journalists
to British audience to be frank
Britain has played family family now
region and constructive role in
different issues for four decades some
safe essentials obtaining out the
perception in our region and the problem
of this government that they are shadow
and immature rhetoric only highlight
this tradition of relying in each one
and being frankly how can we expect to
ask Britain to play a role while it's
determined to militarize the problem how
can you ask them to play a role in in
making the situation better more stable
how can we expect them to make the
violins less while they want to send
military supply to the terrorists and
don't try to ease the dialogue between
the Syria this is I think they are
working against thought and they are
working against the interests of the UK
itself this government is acting in a
naive confused in the unrealistic manner
you don't want to play a role they have
to change this they have to act in more
reasonable and responsible way
till then we don't expect from arsonist
to be a firefighter Thank You mr.
president